This is a portable version of mount designed to support mounting a Shore
filesystem as an NFS filesystem. 

smount.1 is a manaual page that contains an explanation for
the reason why this program is needed, as well as caveats on its limitations,
vis a vis the "standard" /etc/mount.
(A modified version of this manual page is included in the Shore documentation,
in postscript and HTML forms.)

These programs are designed to build and run a wide variety of Unix systems,
including many that cannot currently host the Shore server.
Therefore, there are two ways to configure and build.
In the context of a complete Shore installation, the Makefile is generated in
the usual way with 'make make' or with ../../../../tools/makemake.

In a "stand-alone" configuration, the Makefile may be built from Makefile.tmpl
by running the "configure" script.

In either case, the generated Makefile may be used to build the following
targets
    smount      builds the smount program
    sumount     builds the sumount program
    all         builds both smount and sumount
    clean       removes things built
    make        re-runs configure to customize the Makefile for the current
                platform (the only "customizing" currently is to determine
                whether the linker flags -lrpcsvc and/or -lnsl are required
                on this platform).
all: smount sumount
clean:
sumount: sumount.o mount_tab.o
smount: smount.o mount_tab.o
make:
mount_tab.o smount.o sumount.o: config.h globals.h


Files:
    README          This file
    configure       A shell script to generate a Makefile from Makefile.tmpl
    Makefile.tmpl   A template edited by configure.tmpl to create Makefile
    smount.1        A man page suitable for use with `man'.
    smount.c        A generic mount program
    sumount.c       The corresponding umount program.
    mnt             A shell script for calling smount with a typical set
                    of arguments

Status:

Currently works on SunOS, Solaris, HPUX, and Ultrix.
Partially ported to Linux.
See also ../linux, which contains a copy of the Linux version of these
programs.
